all right so many of you have been
asking how to make links shirt decal and
requesting that I put post up an image
so that you guys can have it so this is
what the decal will look like when you
are finished or possibly better if you
have a better printer and I will show
you how to do this first you are going
to open up your web browser then head on
over to nail harbin 0cn not TL and next
on the front page there is a decal here
here a link to the decal page click on
that now you must follow the directions
located on the left side so that's right
here those are the directions when
you'll get there and so then go to a
link shirt right here right click save
image as and then save it as a PNG right
here you can see here okay then when you
say that you will take it print it 26
percent size cut it out and follow these
directions so your end result will look
like what I just showed you right here
also it is very important to know that
taking this design and not going to make
credit for it in things such as videos
and other things is like extremely rude
to me so if you do use this design you
need to put me in your little credit
thing or whatever description and image
or something giving me a credit for what
I've done for you
good luck